README.md, before:

# React-PuppySuperBowl

This is the React version of the Puppy Super Bowl project, that was previously built using HTML, CSS, and Javascript.

## Deployed Link

- insert link here

## Demonstrates use of:

React, useState, useEffect, RTK Query, props, React Router, Redux, GET, POST, DELETE

## The API

You can find the documentation for our "Puppy Bowl" API [here](https://fsa-puppy-bowl.herokuapp.com/api/). You have learned this before, but it is a good idea to re-read through it to remember what routes are available to call and what type of data you will be working on within this project.

## Summing It Up

As the web developer for a site like this, your job will be to handle the data about each of our puppy competitors and their owners. To that purpose, you will be interacting with the "Puppy Bowl" API we have built that hosts the data you will need about each puppy, each of its owners, and even the teams they are on. You will make certain requests to our API to get the appropriate data you will need, save that to the state of your React app, and then build various React components to represent that state to your users visually.

## Getting Started

For this project, you will not have a GitHub repository to clone and work from. Instead, you will build a React app from scratch.

Like the previous project, you will have creative freedom regarding how you want to represent that data visually. However, there are a few requirements that we will ask you to complete as well. We will talk about those in the next section.

## Functional Requirements

Your site's users should be able to:

- See a list of each player competing in the bowl.
- Click a "See Details" button or something similar on each player that will lead you to another page view with specific details on that player, such as owner and team name.
- Have a form to CREATE a new player.
- Search for a specific player in a search bar and see a new list with only puppies with names that match the text in the search bar.
- Create a button to DELETE a player (ONLY DELETE PLAYERS YOU YOURSELF CREATE, PLEASE!)

Commit message:

Completed project, deployed, and updated README.md to include deployed link and additional details.

README.md, after:

# React-PuppySuperBowl

This is the React version of the Puppy Super Bowl project, that was previously built using HTML, CSS, and Javascript.

- This is the link to the project board for this project: https://github.com/users/kiannadalton/projects/9

## Deployed Link

- reactpuppysuperbowl.netlify.app

## Demonstrates use of:

React, useState, useEffect, RTK Query, props, React Router, React Redux, GET, POST, DELETE, OnSubmit, onClick, Displaying error messages, props, if, preventDefault(), configureStore, createApi, fetchBaseQuery, useQuery, useMutation, middleware, .find, destructuring, CSS

## The API

You can find the documentation for our "Puppy Bowl" API [here](https://fsa-puppy-bowl.herokuapp.com/api/). You have learned this before, but it is a good idea to re-read through it to remember what routes are available to call and what type of data you will be working on within this project.

## Summing It Up

As the web developer for a site like this, your job will be to handle the data about each of our puppy competitors and their owners. To that purpose, you will be interacting with the "Puppy Bowl" API we have built that hosts the data you will need about each puppy, each of its owners, and even the teams they are on. You will make certain requests to our API to get the appropriate data you will need, save that to the state of your React app, and then build various React components to represent that state to your users visually.

## Getting Started

For this project, you will not have a GitHub repository to clone and work from. Instead, you will build a React app from scratch.

Like the previous project, you will have creative freedom regarding how you want to represent that data visually. However, there are a few requirements that we will ask you to complete as well. We will talk about those in the next section.

## Functional Requirements

Your site's users should be able to:

- See a list of each player competing in the bowl.
- Click a "See Details" button or something similar on each player that will lead you to another page view with specific details on that player, such as owner and team name.
- Have a form to CREATE a new player.
- Search for a specific player in a search bar and see a new list with only puppies with names that match the text in the search bar.
- Create a button to DELETE a player (ONLY DELETE PLAYERS YOU YOURSELF CREATE, PLEASE!)
